{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh14620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Prototype workflow\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Create brief in Claude Code using the build-session-prompt, located here: /Users/aatteia/working/scaffold-foundation/docs/
\f1\b build-session-prompt.md\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Keep refining this until you have a detailed brief in Claude Chat. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If you take this prompt into Claude Code, and there are obvious gaps, take that back to CC and refine the prompt - but start the whole setup process again. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}In /Users/aatteia/working/ duplicate /Users/aatteia/working/
\f1\b scaffold-foundation
\f0\b0 .\
{\listtext	3.	}Rename the /
\f1\b scaffold-foundation
\f0\b0  folder to the new project name.\
{\listtext	4.	}Open 
\f1\b Terminal
\f0\b0 , and follow these instructions: /Users/aatteia/working/scaffold-foundation/docs/
\f1\b quick-reference.md
\f0\b0 \
{\listtext	5.	}Open 
\f1\b Automatic
\f0\b0  and sync the project.\
{\listtext	6.	}Open Claude Code. Point CC at the new project file. \
{\listtext	7.	}Change the Claude model to the highest tier (as of this writing, Opus 4.7). This will do a much better job of interpreting the brief.\
{\listtext	8.	}Add in refined prompt 1 for the project brief.\
{\listtext	9.	}Build project. Keep project local until ready to publish. \
{\listtext	10.	}Sync project in Automatic\
{\listtext	11.	}Run NPM Run Dev in Terminal to view project\
{\listtext	12.	}Once happy with first cut of project, import it into Figma to refine the UI. To import it from the localhost browser to Figma, use the Chrome plugin: HTML to Design and it will save a file that will look something like this: localhost_3000_1440w_390w_default (2).h2d\
{\listtext	13.	}In Figma, import that file using the Actions button in the bottom toolbar and select the Figma plugin HTML to Design (paid) to import the file/s. Note that you can import multiple files, so doing this in one big session might be more efficient.\
}